---
data_non_statistical: true
goal_meta_link: http://unstats.un.org/sdgs/files/metadata-compilation/Metadata-Goal-12-b-1.pdf
goal_meta_link_text: United Nations Sustainable Development Goals Metadata (pdf 782kB)
graph_type: line
indicator_name: global_indicators.12-b-1-title
graph_title: global_indicators.12-b-1-title
national_geographical_coverage: Kyrgyz Republic
measurement_units: 

---
### [Resolution of the Cabinet of Ministers of the Kyrgyz Republic No. 765 dated 18 December 2024 "On the Approval of the Sustainable Tourism Development Programme for 2025–2030"](https://cbd.minjust.gov.kg/53-370/edition/23959/ru)

#### The Programme clearly outlines the development prospects of the tourism industry through to 2030. The Cabinet of Ministers of the Kyrgyz Republic will gradually focus its efforts on diversifying tourism markets, enhancing the country’s visibility in the international arena, supporting the private sector in developing high-quality niche tourism products, improving service quality, and stimulating the further development of the domestic tourism market.
#### Infrastructure development and investment mobilization for the implementation of priority projects will serve as key drivers of growth and progress in the tourism sector.
#### The Programme has been developed to provide a clear strategy and action plan aimed at enhancing the value, profitability, and sustainability of Kyrgyzstan’s tourism industry. It also sets out to unlock the country’s tourism potential by transforming the Kyrgyz Republic’s tourism assets into world-class tourism products and experiences, thereby attracting high-spending tourists from leading global travel markets.
#### By 2030, Kyrgyzstan is expected to gain widespread recognition as one of the leading year-round high-quality tourism destinations, built upon the country's unique cultural and natural heritage, high-level service delivery, and centuries-old traditions of Kyrgyz hospitality.
#### Through strategic investments in infrastructure, education, and marketing, and by offering visitors unique experiences tailored to high-value-added service markets worldwide, Kyrgyzstan aims to rank among the top 50 countries in the global Travel and Tourism Competitiveness Index.
