---
data_non_statistical: true
goal_meta_link: http://unstats.un.org/sdgs/files/metadata-compilation/Metadata-Goal-4.pdf
goal_meta_link_text: United Nations Sustainable Development Goals Metadata (pdf 210kB)
graph_type: 
indicator_name: global_indicators.4-7-1-title
graph_title: global_indicators.4-7-1-title
national_geographical_coverage: Kyrgyz Rebublic
measurement_units: 

---
### a) The Law of the Kyrgyz Republic “On Education”; Resolution of the Cabinet of Ministers of the Kyrgyz Republic dated 4 May 2021 No. 200 “On the Approval of the Education Development Program of the Kyrgyz Republic for 2021–2040”; Resolution of the Government of the Kyrgyz Republic dated 17 June 2019 No. 295 “On Amendments to Certain Decisions of the Government of the Kyrgyz Republic on Safe Educational Environment Issues”.

### b) The State Educational Standard of General Education of the Kyrgyz Republic (Resolution of the Cabinet of Ministers of the Kyrgyz Republic dated 14 March 2025 No. 131). Issues of children's rights have been introduced into the school subject “Man and Society” (Civic Education) starting from Grade 5 (previously taught from Grade 9) (Decision of the Academic Council of KAO). Model State Educational Standards for Primary Vocational Education (PVE), Secondary Vocational Education (SVE), and Higher Professional Education (HPE) (Resolution of the Cabinet of Ministers of the Kyrgyz Republic dated 8 July 2024 No. 371).

### c) “Guidelines for the Implementation of Continuous Professional Development for Teachers”. In PVE institutions, topics on civic education, gender equality, and human rights (child, family, etc.) are studied within the subject “Legal Framework for Professional Activity” – 24 hours (Decision of the Scientific and Methodological Council of the Republican Scientific and Methodological Center). Within the cycle of “General Humanities and Socio-Economic Disciplines”, the following courses are taught: “Gender Policy”, “Gender Sociology”, “Feminology”, “Legal Anthropology”, “Gender Policy in Central Asian Countries”, “Sociology of Sex and Gender”, “State Protection of Motherhood and Childhood”, “Human Rights and Democracy”, “Issues of Gender Relations”, “Family Studies”, “Sociology of the Family”, “Man and Society”. The number of hours allocated to gender aspects ranges from 34 to 136 depending on the specifics of the academic program – State Educational Standard of Higher Professional Education (Order of the Ministry of Education and Science dated 15.09.2015 No. 1179/1). Thematic courses on gender aspects are also offered as part of professional development programs for teaching staff at various levels, totaling 72 hours at KAO (Decision of the Academic Council of KAO).

### d) Annual Order on the Conduct of Final State Attestation (FSA) under the educational programs of basic general and secondary general education in all types and forms of ownership of general education institutions in the Kyrgyz Republic.
